README.md, before:

# minecraft-preempt

A lightweight Minecraft server manager. Starts a server when users join, and stops them when they leave.

## Supported Clouds

- `gcp`
- `docker`

## Usage

First, define a configuration file for your server. The format is like so:

### Top level

| Key       | Description          |
| --------- | -------------------- |
| `servers` | Array of all servers |

#### Server

| Key             | Description                      |
| --------------- | -------------------------------- |
| `name`          | The name of the server.          |
| `listenAddress` | The address to listen on.        |
| `gcp`           | The GCP configuration            |
| `docker`        | The Docker configuration         |
| `whitelist`     | List of users allowed to connect |

### Cloud Configurations

#### GCP

| Key        | Description           |
| ---------- | --------------------- |
| `project`  | The GCP project ID    |
| `zone`     | The GCP zone          |
| `instance` | The GCP instance name |

#### Docker

| Key           | Description          |
| ------------- | -------------------- |
| `containerID` | Container ID or name |

Specifying a configuration can be done with `--config`, for a file path. Or, for serverless environments, the config can be passed as a base64 encoding yaml string through the environment variable `CONFIG_BASE64`.

## License

GPL-3.0

Commit message:

feat: use a single listener
Instead of using a listener per-server, we now use a single global
listener. This listener defaults to listening on `0.0.0.0:25565`, like
the previous per-server listener did before.

As part of this, the configuration objects have been changed. `name` has
been changed to `hostname`. This hostname should match exactly what the
Minecraft client is using to connect. It is self-reported by the client
during the handshake process[^1]. The example configuration has been
updated to match the new format, as well as the docs. I also added a
WSL-specific `listenAddress` hint to help with port-forwarding issues on
WSL machines.

This is a BREAKING CHANGE because of the configuration changes required,
so I will be releasing a v3 post-merge.

[^1]: https://wiki.vg/Protocol#Handshaking

README.md, after:

# minecraft-preempt

A lightweight Minecraft server manager. Starts a server when users join, and stops them when they leave.

## Supported Clouds

- `gcp`
- `docker`

## Usage

First, define a configuration file for your server. The format is like so:

### Top level

| Key             | Description               |
| --------------- | ------------------------- |
| `listenAddress` | The address to listen on. |
| `servers`       | Array of all servers      |

#### Server

| Key             | Description                      |
| --------------- | -------------------------------- |
| `hostname`      | The hostname of the server.      |
| `listenAddress` | The address to listen on.        |
| `gcp`           | The GCP configuration            |
| `docker`        | The Docker configuration         |
| `whitelist`     | List of users allowed to connect |

### Cloud Configurations

#### GCP

| Key        | Description           |
| ---------- | --------------------- |
| `project`  | The GCP project ID    |
| `zone`     | The GCP zone          |
| `instance` | The GCP instance name |

#### Docker

| Key           | Description          |
| ------------- | -------------------- |
| `containerID` | Container ID or name |

Specifying a configuration can be done with `--config`, for a file path.
Or, for serverless environments, the config can be specified with the
`CONFIG` environment variable.

## License

GPL-3.0
